and I had a crazy day at work on the m a
drink are you doing tonight
something strong
here
and what
I remembering students get out of here
look at where the WWN will help what's
out there
No
please
oh yeah
licious jump on a pogo was good you to
sneak it to you back in the house now we
do sneakerfreaker collabo saucony what
do we have here tastes pretty good now
is Joker you have a ball with this one
hmm
give you all a little sneak peek oh wait
let's get into this review shall we all
right y'all here's a shoe there it is
sneakerfreaker collabo with saucony 9000
grid and there's your bushwacker let's
get into this review so over here got
your classic saucony emblem here that s
for the saucony and like a mint green
nice suede feeling fresh you got black
suede here coming from the toe box all
up and around the midsole stick it's
Black Sea then you got your tan midsole
here comes up from the mid area all in
white with your black speckles got head
to your green here and black come on
over top of it looking like peppermint
patties tan here between white tanned
again another hit a white on the very
far back that black nice suede up here
you got green like these green ribs I
don't know what that is feels kind of
nice though
the most of this shoot consistent black
all up through the shoe they got like a
little band here claps get your black
plastic holders lace holders got your
bungee cord laces right here case you
out there mountain climbing you feel
like getting your base jumping on try to
get better lighting there you go the
bottom of the lace holds you got tan
little cream mint green come all around
side of the toe box you have like the
mesh material here for breathability tan
here and inside of the shoe the interior
some more of the speckles and white on
the midsole that's another another s
here for saucony tan here
so we I don't know what that material is
right there it's pretty strong though
like you can actually use these bad boys
the mountain climbing them all the
hardware hey you got your Sneaker
Freaker insole 2002-2012 that's a ten
year anniversary shoe that they did with
Taccone got the big X for the 10-year
anniversary get to the bottom that
classic grid bottom you got your window
the little boxes in there grid all white
outsole this shoes fresh man then you
got neoprene here so you can actually
use these for scuba diving if you want
to do your pre booties but that's the
shoes yeah the shoe is fresh she was
definitely fresh let me not forget to uh
got your lace lock here got Ciccone in
that nice mint green running up the
tongue got a pool tab on it that let you
things jingle you're jiggling baby go
ahead baby you take a limb baby but I
also in the back to this is like crazy
it's like a reflective material I mean
it's not like crazy crazy bright but it
does got a little bit of twinkle to it
should I get it close up for that at the
light on it's just a little reflective
actually change its color but but yeah
these shoes are fresh super fresh I love
cecconi's they're comfortable y'all want
to mean great running shoe that's what
they're really made for they got some
shoes that are just insane for comfort
for running they got a triumph nine is
like one of the newer models and them
things are just like walking on pillows
but you still got stability for getting
your run on and everything but uh that's
it that's the shoe so
hope y'all enjoyed the review and let me
give you a little sneak peek of what's
to come very very very soon
free DJ enuff oh just play God what it
is man rock